it has the finest collection of tropical
plants and reptiles anywhere in the
world it has more subspecies and species
of venomous reptiles than Annie Parker
zoo it's reptile gardens located just
outside of Rapid City at the foothills
of the beautiful black hills a must-see
for any visitor regardless of age
we're here with one of Rapid City's most
famous citizens Johnny be everywhere we
go over here you gotta meet Johnny B and
you're the man yet reptile gardens well
yeah I've been here for for quite a few
years John I guess 36 years I've been
working here at reptile guard that it
all started with you dad it did actually
my father founded reptile gardens in
1937 you know we can entertain folks for
anywhere from two to five hours here
with our shows the bird show and the
Gator show the snake show and then it
grounds right now as you can see John
are fabulous you know we plan over
50,000 bedding plants on the ground so
it really is probably the prettiest Park
setting in the Black Hills in the
summertime and we're going to see things
like a komodo dragon it's over 8 foot
maniac the giant crocodile it's over 16
feet the reticulated pythons over 20
feet and my favorite and the least
lethal of all the rep counts the china
tortoises and Jack and how that yeah the
giant tortoises Methuselah is one that's
lived here at the garden since nineteen
fifty-six and this summer Methuselah
turned 127 years old we got and as a
matter of fact I even have a treat for
Methuselah day I cut some watermelon and
if you'd like to we can we can go feed
him and we can actually just kind of
take a tour around the place if you'd
like I love it let's do it okay thanks
Johnny
this watermelon to a giant tortoise is
kind of like a hot fudge sundae as to a
small child because there are strict
vegetarians so his diet is like yams and
romaine lettuce and things like this so
when he gets something sweet like a like
watermelon it's up it's a rare treat
corn
so this place is absolutely beautiful
but now it's time to see some the
reptiles my friend yeah it absolutely is
John I'll tell you what means I'm kind
of the PR guy and the tortoise guy and
the flower guy and that I'm going to
turn it over to Terry who's the head
curator here at reptile gardens and the
cherry is more than qualified he's
probably the top venomous snake handler
in the United States matter back others
noon send their keepers to learn
venomous snake handling techniques from
Terry so I think I'll put you in in
Terry's hands and let him do anything
that's going to be dangerous because I
don't want to thank you China me I feel
I feel safe and Terry sanitary McRae
doing it okay so now would come to your
special yep venomous snakes are kind of
my forte but I've built lost my
reputation on I guess but we do have
technically the most complete largest
venomous collection of reptiles ever
assembled in the world going to get
handle them all and I get to take care
of
first indoor jungle yep this is the
world's first indoor jungle we actually
strive ourselves and kind of pride
ourselves on the simple fact that we
offer a little bit of something for
everybody in widjaja in the enormous
amount of exotic plants and flowers and
things in here is our orchid wall
resources offer birds for those bird
enthusiasts we've gotten eclectus parrot
sitting up there that you can find in
Australia and past I've never seen a
parent like that amazing color
come for the reptiles come for the
gardens come for the alligator wrestling
come for an unforgettable family
experience when you're in the Black
Hills come to reptile gardens